[Music]
Hello friends of the channel and
today we have an ugly okay that I
found horrible on the part of
Gianmarco I have to tell you that it does not
surprise me at all coming from this
guy
this guy personally I do not like to
do it is very subjective studying the
news but to me this guy in
particular has not made me laugh I never
know from the first moment since Big
Brother VIP that we met him he has not
seemed to me to be a very quite
bland person the scarecrow of Big Brother
VIP comes out literally and done I tell you
without bitterness okay and I am not
making this up nor do I intend to offend but 100%
true to the truth that many times
the Big Brother VIP galas in which
he was and the presenters were
talking to the house and so on and I
completely forgot that
Gianmarco was inside that house what you
will follow that edition
you know that this is like this literally, I mean
the videos did not come out
the galas did not appear it was that he did not even
focus on him during the first weeks
okay he had to hook up with nadará to
that images of her began to be seen on
television
Walesa was literally a lamp in
the house she would not have existed in the house
if it hadn't been for faking her romance
with Nadal to knock out and we'll go to that and it is that
Marco last night had an
interview on Friday Deluxe and of course he
has jumped on the bandwagon at the moment that he has
had a few days not to see what
things are about on Telecinco and so on and he has
said I am jumping on the bandwagon of positioning myself
on this side not on the side of attacking
the Flores family to see if with that he
gets more food and that will surely be the
case surely this guy
next week will sit more days on Sálvame
Diario because he is throwing [ __ ] at the
Flores family and this on 35 well not on
Telecinco we are going to bust okay in the
TV factory now it
works this way no you have to
position yourself here and we will call you from more
programs that at the end of the day is what
Dia Marco wants realize that
Gianmarco is not the nephew of a
famous singer no nor is he an ex-partner of
a character  very popular no gianmarco
comes from a reality show
gianmarco goes from reality show to reality show you
know that reality show contestants
have their moment of glory let's say no
but after a short time it expires and you never
see them again and they are people from the
street they are not people who are of no interest
at all we are not interested in the
relationships you have gianmarco
romances are not interesting your
private life is not interesting enough to interview you in
magazines and things like that
once they expire or it could
easily be next year no we don't
know it doesn't depend on whether they continue to
call it reality shows or not so what he
has done is
attack the flores family after the
good relationship he had with olga
within the contest the so-called thief
has called her a cheater
efe I imagine that a little of what he will have
seen on the networks no the easy thing makes me laugh
a lot because he said a
spectacular phrase which is that
a person who has
deceived the audience and the contest should not win survivors no
I would like
gianmarco to answer me sex and
tell me what he would call what you did
in big no big brother I said in big
brother vip and in the program that is
where well in the reunion no your
strong love with swimming to miller that the
cam the h
the hustle do yourself well okay she even
broke her family for you and then it turns out come
to dallas you were not interested at
all not a woman with a small child no it
was not what you were interested in at that
moment for your pace of life no for your
pace of life of a young single guy
that women like I don't know why
but they like women not
you a dare the moment you left
the contest you were not interested at all it
was all your role and your strategy to
get attention in the contest and in fact you
won the reunion that way and
well after big brother vip you
also won sálvame de lugo and other
things that this was because of your romance with a
dar that it was totally fake
I'm telling you because things can't be
faked okay these things of love
and such and no no no no no no no there was no
interest then nothing on your part
Marco there was no there was hardly any interest in A
Dar on your part no then I would
like you to tell me what you would call
acting your strategy no then on the other
hand also well he has attacked harshly
against Antonio Abili as if that had
something to do with it saying that his wife
would be the same as him no because Antonia Vi
on one occasion told him that it doesn't matter if they
talk bad or good about you the
important thing is that they talk about you on television I do
n't see anything wrong with it I don't see any
problem with that comment he says it
as if Antonio were very strategic to
go on television and I don't know what basically what
all of you who are in these
types of programs do is basically what
all of you who are
participating in these types of programs do
is not argue get into controversy
then every time it's very funny because
Gianmarco sells it like the divine papaya
as if Antonio David had said the
key there is no formula for Coca-Cola
incredible
this guy never ceases to surprise me I would
recommend that they cut their
buns that he has put them up there and
that they will try to find a job  I'll
try to find talent to
dedicate myself to, okay, without having to make this
kind of foolishness in interviews, no, I
encourage Gianmarco to create his
own YouTube channel, for example, not
his own YouTube channel
Oden Team Art, and to come and tell me, let's
see if I'm interested, okay, let's see if he's capable
of having talent to tell anecdotes,
to tell things, or to entertain the
public, okay, come if you tell me,
a hug, family, I'll be reading the
comments box, tell me what you think,
and I'll see you in the next
video
[Music]